gui/skills-progress - Display a unit's skill progress View Unit screen (#1169)
DFHack/scripts: docs/gui/unit-info-viewer.rst

::

    gui/unit-info-viewer

Overlays
--------

> This tool adds progress bars, experience points and levels (affected by skill rust)
> in the unit view screen, all color-coded when enabled as a module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool adds progress bars, experience points and levels in the unit skill panels,
color-coded to highlight rust and the highest skill levels:

- If a skill is rusty, then the level marker is colored light red
- If a skill is at Legendary level or higher, it is colored light cyan
- Other skills are colored plain white
```

> in the unit view screen, all color-coded when enabled as a module. 

Reviewer: being enabled as a module isn't really relevant here. also needs a description of what the colors mean
